{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid103\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li2160\lin2160 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid202\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid302\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid303\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li2160\lin2160 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid304\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li2880\lin2880 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19220\viewh11880\viewkind0
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\b \ul Personal tech centers the patient experience because of its immediate proximity to the user and the intimacy of the interface.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulc0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 \ulnone {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\b \ul Personal tech can: 
\b0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}1. More quickly address an urgent patient need because of its proximity to the user.\
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li2160\fi-2160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl2\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}The patient is not traveling, not booking an appointment.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}2. Break down access barriers by providing information through a familiar interface.\
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li2160\fi-2160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl2\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}There is an overall ease of access and function as the user may use this personal tech on a daily basis.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Information can be access anywhere, meaning this can be done in the user\'92s preferred environment rather than in a medical facility.  \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}3. (Because of the two prior points) give agency to the user as they go through a health and healthcare experience that can make them feel destabilized and vulnerable.	\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\b \ul Why were we interested in an initial assessment?:
\b0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}In a non-emergency situation, the patient has the ability to check in with themselves and evaluate how they feel in their body. This is the period of time where the patient considers their options: What could this even be? Do I get treated? Where should I go for care.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Between identifying being ill/injured and the diagnostic exam lies the moment where a patient moves to act and engages the healthcare system. This initial assessment does not to replace the diagnostic exam, but rather serves as a primer before the patient engages a healthcare provider directly. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\b \ul Why an initial assessment on a personal device rather than in a medical device?
\b0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	} Agency:\
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li2160\fi-2160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl2\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Individuals are engaging health care providers without formal or even cursory knowledge of possible diagnoses, treatment options, referral options (specialties), etc. Our app seeks to provide information that the user can bring to their healthcare provider, guiding more informed conversations and courses of action. \
\pard\tx2380\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li2880\fi-2880\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl3\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Have you ever influenced a healthcare provider\'92s approach to your care through conversation? \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Have you ever diagnosed yourself or had to challenge a healthcare provider\'92s care solution? \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Have you ever Google Fu\'92d your way to better health? \
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li2160\fi-2160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl2\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}At the end of the day, health care is a profession and like any profession has individuals who are at the top of their game and others who have somehow not had their license revoked. We believe that it\'92s important to be an educated consumer of the service being provided and hope that this app helps patients in this way.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl3\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	} \'93Provider Bias\'94:\
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li2160\fi-2160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl2\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}For many, the legacy of modern medicine as an apparatus of social control in its heavy regulation of disenfranchised bodies makes engaging the healthcare system fraught with anxiety. Having an initial assessment that is an objective exchange, removed of personal and institutional bias, can create a more standardized healthcare experience for the patient before they move to engage a healthcare provider. As the user self-reports their experience and it is recorded verbatim and compared against aggregated data, the process removes the risk of one\'92s bodily experience being undermined and devalued 
\i because
\i0  of personal and institutional bias. \
\pard\tx2380\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li2880\fi-2880\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl3\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}\'93The presence of implicit bias among clinicians further suggests that it could play a role in health care disparities just as it plays a role in differential outcomes elsewhere in society.\'94 - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3140753/"}}{\fldrslt https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3140753/}}\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}\'93
\b In health care, unconscious bias might affect a provider\'92s line of questioning and lead to misdiagnosis. 
\b0 Or, it can affect body language and other subtle cues that cause patients to lose trust, withhold information or fail to follow medical advice.\'94 - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://newsnetwork.mayoclinic.org/discussion/targeting-unconscious-bias-in-health-care/"}}{\fldrslt https://newsnetwork.mayoclinic.org/discussion/targeting-unconscious-bias-in-health-care/}}\
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li2160\fi-2160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl2\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}New patients have to answer an exhaustive and personal questionnaire before receiving care - many of these questions dive into \'91protected identities.\'92 As of recently, doctors are now required to ask individuals their sexual orientation during the new patient on boarding process. \
\pard\tx2380\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li2880\fi-2880\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl3\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Have you ever had an experience where a healthcare provider discounted the information you provided? \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Have you ever felt that your health and/or healthcare experience was compromised because of provider bias? \
\pard\tx2380\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li2880\fi-2880\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl3\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Have experiences with provider bias affected your trust in healthcare providers? \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Function of the app: \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}User identifies whether they are experiencing knee or ankle pain. By selecting a body part, the individual is prompted to move through a series of fixed questions that assess the severity of and nature of the injury. \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}\
}